It's a historical low point.
If you look at the corporate performance that was frustrating to see the company's investment in Korea from 2011 to 2015, the KOSPI achieved 124 trillion 124 trillion won in 2011 based on annual operating profit, and if you look at it until 2015, it continued to go back and forth from 120 trillion won.
In the process, the market was so happy from 2011 to 1975, and from 2016 to 2017, semiconductors turned around from 2016, gave 194 in 2017, and then 198 in 2018, and the KOSPI hit a full high point in 290 and 138 this year.
That's why it's hard for me to predict the KOSPI at the moment, but if I look at the flow of corporate profits, it seems that the KOSPI between 2011 and 2015 will come down in a new way.
And the stock market recovered a lot on the assumption that stocks will recover from the pandemic from the third quarter, and then corporate earnings will falter every time there are small issues, and as I said, corporate earnings will be high next week. Recently, companies that sell a lot of strong soup ramen with MS ramen have a clear personality. Recently, Ottogi was released today, not a Ottogi employee, but it's okay. Evan is okay.
I haven't tried it yet, but I'm saying the sales volume isn't it?
This Ottogi was launching Bibimmyeon to reduce the summer seasonality.
Fortunately, the market trend is... Flare is Nongshim Ottogi Samyang food.
Samyang food has been exported well for a long time because of the spicy chicken stir-fried noodles, and Nongshim has been exported a lot since the first quarter of this year.
And this year, I didn't want to run a food and beverage business, so I'm not good at it.
However, from the perspective of ramen, as the remaining inventory that was operated in Korea is called a lot overseas in spring, it feels like the atmosphere that we don't have to promote by cutting off our margins while competing excessively in Korea is a bit formal.
You'll know if it's real or not in the 2nd and 3rd quarters, but the hospitalization period is in April and May.
But when I received feedback from analysts who went to Nongshim and Ottogi Range in April and May, they said they are still not promoting excessively.
In the past, food and beverage companies used to shoot a lot of advertisements and eat them a lot at the bottom of the judge's bed, but this spring, I don't know if you feel it, but Ottogi talks a lot about my clothes today, but these days, is it a lung exemption? While leaking, I use Ottogi's products to make my own food, make hmr products, taste them, and upload videos of Chairman In Jae-hwan coming for a few days.
In a way, it's not competitive YouTuber hahaha, but it looked positive in the past. What I felt was that there were many bad images in chaebol's second-generation chaebol 23rd generation's names and dramas, but he had a lot of positive vibes.
From a consumer's point of view, we don't really sympathize with the general public saying it's good, and because famous celebrities say it's good, we eat excitedly or buy Jin Ramen, but we're used to it. That's the advantage of talent food and beverage companies.
But I didn't know the effect of that, but starting with Ham Yeonji in the first quarter and the second quarter, I think it's coming online where I can spend less advertising and do it efficiently than TV.
That's why I enjoyed watching the Ham Yeonji channel and interpreted it too much, but I personally thought that from the perspective of food and beverage companies, such attempts were very positive.
There are many changes, and the reason why I jump into this chart is that sales are steadily growing and fit for food and beverage companies, so if raw material and promotional costs are well controlled, operating profit and net profit of food and beverage companies can go very stably.
Why just the deletion of ssdeunga of raw materials it has to work equally well and that is, of course, the exchange rate of commodity prices in commodity prices and see.But I can't control this from my company's point of view, so even if I take it out, I mentioned the newsletter and these things can be used as an opportunity for food and beverage companies to think about it again. We didn't promote it, but sales will come out well.
Still, if you look at the bsr of KOSPI and food and beverage companies from 2003 to 2020, it's a historical low as I've been receiving it from Supporters' kb Securities in 2003.
This purchase will be used for historical facts.
In March, not only food and beverage but also the entire KOSPI fell a lot, so the key to whether or not the ingredients can go this far as the subscribers said in the chat window.
And will the exchange rate go up?
And the key to talent is whether promotional and advertising expenses can be maintained stably, but I think I can go because of the various factors explained earlier.
So to show you again, I think you can say that this year's annual operating profit estimate is negative. So I brought 12 companies by market capitalization. If you look at a stock that I highlighted in yellow and green over the past 10 years, you'll have to see operating profit in 2020. In "I've done companies that are expected to make operating profits," the six companies that want to sell Orion CJ CheilJedang Hite Jinro Ottogi Nongshim would have said that their annual operating profit is the highest this year, but if you add that up, they could have combined operating profit in 2015.
The year has passed, and large companies with 2.6 trillion won and a large market capitalization have achieved record-high operating profits this year, and there are many companies in the second quarter and Lee Jae-ha said in the foot sector. In the sector, the overall sector was in the second quarter of this year, and in the process of being used a lot in the second half, food and beverage companies are likely to gain more interest in the second half of the year.
It's better for me to get a specific company.
I think you can check it out on Workfree because I'm giving you the perception that these things are mentioned by talented people and investment opinions on stocks.
The atmosphere of the new companies is very good.
Based on performance, it is considered that the valuation has historically entered the phase of the calculated and scattered cup.
I think it'll work. Then are there only good things to say? Of course not.
There might be bad effects in the second half of the year.
The manager, who had a strong exchange rate cooking in the second half of last year, usually buys grains and delivers them, but many companies usually take medicine for three to six months. In case of CJ Chairman, the short one is about a month.
They say there's a ging, but we usually say it's about 2 years and 3 months.
However, the fact that the first quarter of this year's performance was so good that sales and promotions were good, but as the won strengthened in the second half of last year, the effect of buying raw materials cheaper on a won basis could be reflected as of the first quarter of this year.
However, from the first quarter of this year, the won has weakened, and especially from the first quarter, the first quarter is completed at a level of less than 1,200 won in terms of won, so analysts' estimates may have been excessive toward the second quarter.
When you choose a company, it's divided into several things.
When choosing food and beverage, the closer it is to Rommer Terreal, the greater the change in performance.
For example, while there are companies whose products they sell are directly linked to grain powder, the farther they process processed foods, the farther away they are from the national price, so their operating profit does not change much.
And most of the companies here are companies that we usually have a lot of brands, so CJ CheilJedang Ottogi Orion has a brand that we usually talk about, so even if the raw materials shake, we're telling consumers that the price is good in terms of margin stability and interpretation.
As for the food and beverage company, the stock price rose a lot in the first quarter, and is it okay now?" Anne Julie said. I'll talk about it at once. I looked at the past and it was made by indexing the KOSPI's first sugar Orion Ottogi.
I think I can do it. Ji-Soo drew a book from 2000.
In January 2000, I indexed it with a pack to see how much difference I had.
We were accompanying each other, and since 2010, the stem here has been at the end of 2015.
Rather than saying that it was generally damaged in the spring of the company, I think that the more I process, the better for long-term investors than the companies in the front of the fresh raw material band's new year company.
I think I can do it.
I couldn't find anything to wear.
It's just...
Even if you can't check the processing of tea to eat chicken with businessmen and chairman who sells chicken and diagnoses processing, you can make food, feed, and stay on vacation, the June trial could be a leading cause of companies, or Bo Palmsco. On the other hand, they are usually handed over to brand companies that only do primary processing, so you can say that they fall by two in the process of falling prices.
So, don't buy pr's diary collection of 6 to 7 times, so it's rated first. Because the exchange rate with J-Rorang in Yeonhee Park, which always fluctuates, it's justified that companies in a little bit get their own first evaluation.
Ottogi, who has a brand as time goes by, believes that if Orion finds out about me, Hite Jinro or other companies, pr will suffer a little higher damage.
When you invest in about 4 trillion subscribers' domestic stocks in Food and Beverage Hall, you should know that in the spring of food movies, some products fluctuate depending on grain prices and raw materials, and companies sell unfriendly products.
I think we can go back and forth, so if we want raw materials to be less volatile and raw materials to rise due to the acquisition of a branded company at the back, we can pass them on to restaurants while minimizing resistance to consumers. So even if the pr is higher, it's like CJ Jedang Ottogi Orion.
Rather than diagnosing stocks, from my perspective as an individual investor yesterday, if the money is not limited, we have to choose because we're not people with unlimited money like Warren Buffett.
From the standpoint of choosing stocks, it's very important for stock investors to eat a gap, but at this point, as I showed earlier, Jangsaeng, whose annual operating profit of the KOSPI continued to fluctuate, and the index was also uncertain during the government and Europe's easy fix issue.
Is the US egg qe policy correct?
Now, we took q for granted, but at that time, we first accepted that it was Kyu, and it was controversial not only in the U.S. but also in Europe or Japan, so there was still a lot of uncertainty about the market.
Personally, in my experience, KOSPI food and beverage companies' stock prices rose a lot compared to the KOSPI at that time, and I think it was good at that time.
I think it's going to work. Food and beverage companies say that transplantation is a must-have consumer. They said that essential consumer goods, not economic consumer goods, are essential items that we have to eat no matter how hard it was, so we now express that the pad we always buy was simply stable in terms of profit, but it was very good to see corporate profits at that time.
As you can see, I organized this separately. There are a lot of food and beverage companies.
There are a lot, but I applied only the top market cap and tried it.
The combined operating profit of 12 companies combined for vacation is down there, but if you look at the trend of combined operating profit of 1.7 trillion won in 2015, it's almost less than two weeks in 2015.
In the spring, Jessie, who has most public offerings other than food and beverage, imports, so the unit price and price of grain prices are now the most important, and the overall price of products fell after the financial crisis.
That's why most food and beverage companies are raw-tips companies, so their high margins have improved, and what's big in the 15th stage from 2011 is that these days, hmr, which we take for granted, so tell us the status of roly poly.
There are people who came into our chat who go to Ottogi restaurant. 100 Home Replacement Mill or Choi Mari. Many of them were released. Back then, we had a lot of dumplings. Now, we have a lot of chicken feet necks. But until 2011, food companies released only 6 new products.
So, at that time, stable performance compared to the entire KOSPI market was a good performance, but growth in performance was very good, and it is limited to growth factors that usually suppress nerves.
It's because if 50 million households in Korea consume a lot, they won't be able to eat three meals a day and five meals a day, and at that time, food and beverage companies led me to export on CJ CheilJedang's field, reflecting a lot of expectations for overseas growth stories.
But as a result, I really like corporate profits, and from 2014 to 2015, the performance of professional food and beverage companies was very good, and when looking at the overall stock market, I think it was an external environment where investors had to pay a lot of attention to food and beverage companies.
What I want to organize today is that most of the food and beverage companies are in the second half of 2020 for 14 and 15 years, and I think that's how the stock price and profits went up a lot.
So I told you earlier today that we should pay attention to it, and recently, food and beverage companies did well in the first quarter, so there's a lot of multi-pools, but if you don't do it, you can see various multi-platforms, and sales of DDP are always go up as low as gdp in the long term.As I said earlier, I have to look at the cold of the ingredients and the local liver if I finish studying, but after the hmr market grew steadily from 2015 to 2019, I think it was the time when domestic companies fought the most with my share of the ms market cheese market.The house brand, CJ CheilJedang's talent, kimchi, and wind... There are a lot of ladies, so we're going to taste each other's food.
They do it like that.
These things are all set as promotional expenses for the company.
That's why we tried so hard to bring ms to each other, and some periods from 2015 to 18 to 19 were overheated.
And I always said this two months ago, but Nongshim and Ottogi have been using Ms. life fiercely since 2013.
Ottogi entered the market in earnest as a latecomer. 2014 style.